intelligence has confirmed a hacker as
released a rogue font on the internet
readers of this font experienced a
transient hypnosis believing anything
they read this affects legal documents
business pledge treaties worldwide we
need to identify this threat and
eliminate it questions took him from me
clipping the leading in south we need
you back
she's a toughest we've ever been up
adventure partner
you've got to let
please
I love you Olivia
from the visionary creators of office
2007 2003 belcheck this d e-- d you
better watch your margins to chunka
week's wingdings do whatever necessary
another day at the office
this time it's personal this time it's
for me
for the world's box box
double-spaced like the barges increase
the font size copy a bitch that must be
filled
later office 2010 the movie coming to an
office near you